docs(issues): Add link to browser extension filters list (#9542)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/data-management-settings/filtering/index.mdx

### Browser Extension Errors

> Some browser extensions are known to cause errors. You can use the browser extension filter to filter these out. The filter checks the error message and the event source to see if it's a known error coming from a browser extension. To see the full list of errors filtered by the browser extension filter, see the [source code in relay](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-filter/src/browser_extensions.rs#L9-L76).

Reviewer: if we add more in the future , is the expectation that we come and update this link since rn it only goes up until line 76? if not, maybe just link to line 9?

> Some browser extensions are known to cause errors. You can use the browser extension filter to filter these out. The filter checks the error message and the event source to see if it's a known error coming from a browser extension. To see the full list of errors filtered by the browser extension filter, see the [source code in relay](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-filter/src/browser_extensions.rs#L9-L76).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some browser extensions are known to cause errors. You can filter these out using the browser extension filter, which checks the error message and event source to see if it's a known error coming from a browser extension. To see the full list of errors filtered out by the browser extension filter, see the [source code in relay](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/blob/master/relay-filter/src/browser_extensions.rs#L9-L76).
```
